# CS350
The problem we are tasked with solving for this class is creating a thermostat that simulates house heating. The thermostat accomplishes this by communicating with the heating system when the temperature is below the setpoint and signals for it to turn on. In addition, the thermostat will display an LED when the heat is on and turns the LED off when the system is done heating to the set temperature.

The state machine is essential for this project and accomplishes its task quite well, but it could be changed to do more tasks instead of using other functions. In addition, the task scheduler can be significantly improved because it is not being used in an ideal situation here. For instance, the task scheduler should be used to execute the state machine tasks and manage time effectively. However, for this project, it is just being used to execute the state machine for one of the three tasks and manages the time for all three. Fortunately, it works as designed for this project, but I learned a lot and would be able to make some improvements as I look back on this.

In addition, I learned a lot of skills from this project. For instance, I learned how to communicate with an embedded system and the computer, and work with timers, interrupts, state machines, and task schedulers. Furthermore, I also learned how to use built-in sensors on an embedded system, like a thermostat. This knowledge and know-how will be beneficial in the future, especially if I have to work with another embedded system, which I am sure I will.
